tickets.rst, before:

Tickets
=======

Conferences are expensive. Some conferences can cost over 5,000.00 pesos. Our conference is no different. However, we have worked with sponsors in lowering our ticket costs considerably.

Prices
------

Thanks to our wonderful `sponsors <index.html#sponsors>`_, we are able to offer the following ticket prices [#]_:

.. role:: discount

+------------------+----------+----------------------------------+
|                  | | Regular| | Early Birds [#]_               |
+==================+==========+==================================+
| Corporate        | 3680 Php | :discount:`3312.00 Php`          |
+------------------+----------+----------------------------------+
| Individual       | 1656 Php | :discount:`1490.40 Php`          |
+------------------+----------+----------------------------------+
| Students         | 1288 Php | :discount:`1159.20 Php`          |
+------------------+----------+----------------------------------+

.. [#] Cost is in Philippine Pesos.
.. [#] Until June 12 (Use the promo code EARLYBIRD)

You can order the tickets `here <http://www.ticketbase.com/events/pycon-philippines-2015>`_.

Ticket information
------------------

Corporate tickets
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
For companies paying for their employees to attend PyCon.

 + Official Receipt in the company's name
 + Announcement of company's presence during the conference
 + Transferrable between company employees
 + Lunch and snacks
 + Conference kit
 + Raffle ticket

Individual tickets
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
If you are paying for yourself to attend PyCon, you may register as individual. Employees of non-profits and school faculty may register at the individual rate.

 + Lunch and snacks
 + Conference kit
 + Raffle ticket

Student tickets [#]_
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This rate is for full-time undergrad students.

 + Lunch and snacks
 + Conference kit
 + Raffle ticket

.. [#] Please bring your student ID

Commit message:

added cash deposits to ticket page. fixed speaker using the wrong image

tickets.rst, after:

Tickets
=======

Conferences are expensive. Some conferences can cost over 5,000.00 pesos. Our conference is no different. However, we have worked with sponsors in lowering our ticket costs considerably.

Prices
------

Thanks to our wonderful `sponsors <index.html#sponsors>`_, we are able to offer the following ticket prices [#]_:

.. role:: discount

+------------------+----------+----------------------------------+
|                  | | Regular| | Early Birds [#]_               |
+==================+==========+==================================+
| Corporate        | 3680 Php | :discount:`3312.00 Php`          |
+------------------+----------+----------------------------------+
| Individual       | 1656 Php | :discount:`1490.40 Php`          |
+------------------+----------+----------------------------------+
| Students         | 1288 Php | :discount:`1159.20 Php`          |
+------------------+----------+----------------------------------+

.. [#] Cost is in Philippine Pesos.
.. [#] Until June 12 (Use the promo code EARLYBIRD)

You can order the tickets `here <http://www.ticketbase.com/events/pycon-philippines-2015>`_.

Cash Deposits
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For cash deposits, please deposit at this account:

+--------------------------------------------+
| **BPI Bank Deposit**                       |
+--------------------------------------------+
| | Account: **Savings**                     |
| | Account Name: **Matthew John G Lebrun**  |
| | Account Number: **2439 2292 87**         |
+--------------------------------------------+

Once you've made the deposit, kindly send an email to treasurer@python.ph with the following details:

+------------------------------------------+
| Subject: **PyCon 2015 Ticket Purchase**  |
+------------------------------------------+
| | Message:                               |
| |   Name: <your name>                    |
| |   Type: <type of ticket bought>        |
| |   Quantity: <number of tickets bought> |
+------------------------------------------+
| Attachment: <deposit receipt picture>    |
+------------------------------------------+

We'll send you a confirmation email together with a waiver code within 48 hours. Use that in the promo code text box and perform a purchase `here <http://www.ticketbase.com/events/pycon-philippines-2015>`_ so we can waive the price and collect your details.

Please note that we are using our treasurer's personal account for quicker dissemination and monitoring of your purchase.

Ticket information
------------------

Corporate tickets
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
For companies paying for their employees to attend PyCon.

 + Official Receipt in the company's name
 + Announcement of company's presence during the conference
 + Transferrable between company employees
 + Lunch and snacks
 + Conference kit
 + Raffle ticket

Individual tickets
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
If you are paying for yourself to attend PyCon, you may register as individual. Employees of non-profits and school faculty may register at the individual rate.

 + Lunch and snacks
 + Conference kit
 + Raffle ticket

Student tickets [#]_
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
This rate is for full-time undergrad students.

 + Lunch and snacks
 + Conference kit
 + Raffle ticket

.. [#] Please bring your student ID
